everything connected

he showed something that had a "life sketch"

also facebook integration.

the cool fan thing looks nice...but what else does it do for you?

Huff method assignment seems fascinating...maybe a note "full double checked" could be added...

"checkout" an ancestor, then verify them...

can google people to find "stuff" about people online.
history of where they came from, churches where they went pictures online.

history of yourself.

his uncles too...


Sharing Time:
easy "separate"
can search straight into record search

crawler, update page only updates when you login basically.
extract emails of contributors

basically local index them

can add "events" hmm...editable though?
  auto-upload to dropbox? :)


timeline-y

"conglom of places" [?]


super duper search (either "you in windows" or me poll :P )

zoom out
funky tree like structure.

events is how they like it...

quick intermarrage list....
fascinating.


concentration by geography (?)



being able to search "within" anywhere...text too.

strong color for people "in progress"



index collections/free collections that you can search/look at...
  API's for pay stuff for the same?
  may be too many still...indexing every parish collection? hmm...
  would be fun to write the SQL queries though! :p
  and of course wiki pages etc.

timeline?

integrate with facebook timeline LOL.

can "link" with real people via facebook LOL.

associate with youtube's LOL.
  actually of places...that might work...videos of places...videos of gravestones? :P
  discovery/history channel things that are "for there"

The awesome "scroll ing picture video timeline LOL"


show where they were from census via a map...

color change, size, orientation, flicker, 

HTML5 seems to be replacing flash. phew! :P

jquery?

open source visualization jquery plugins...


super duper chart printer with pictures somehow [?]

dropbox have an api?

the ideas from 20 second seem awesome.  other winners in there?
  @them: open source it :P
  interfacing with api's seems...interesting...

being able to know "oh here are all the various collections that might be useful" or maybe they have api's that we can use?


most useful commmercial tihng make an open source alternative LOL.

could pay somebody to "index" all of those collections by...latitude and longitude and time LOL.
  index data that's "just there" too LOL. Not found yet. whoa!  what?!

could have the "zoom in zoom out" thing but for new familysearch.  Oh man people might really like that.

20 minute genealogy but it can expand LOL.



search for "things you could find close to home"

@new familysearch: allow for free form text events [?]


some tree'ish thing (geography map) for your ancestors....this might help with planning a trip, too :P

ship stuff etc.